
DONE - 1. Sigin requires only email while user should be able to sign in with phone number or email
DONE - 2. Errors don't show during sign up
DONE - 3. Errors don't show at the sign-in page
DONE - 4. We need to format the balance into currency with comma.... I have a function for this in JS which I can send to you. Kindly let me know if you're interested.
DONE - 5. Notification has not been implemented
DONE - 6. Theme hasn't been implemented (primary and secondary colour)
DONE - 7. Monnify SDK hasn't been implemented on the fund wallet page
DONE - 8. Buy data needs the network icons implemented
DONE - 9. Password textbox in data purchase check-out page is showing the password. It's supposed to be a password box
DONE - 10. Wallet balance is 3,500 instead of the actual wallet balance
DONE - 11. I can't see the error generated in data purchase checkout page when I try to purchase
DONE - 12. Airtime purchase page isn't showing discount yet and some currency needs formatting there
DONE - 13. Contact us page isn't responsive to data from the API (location, about us text, there's also an underline on the phone number in this page)
DONE - 14. On the payment page, pagination and filters
DONE - 15. Subscription page, pagination and filters
DONE - 16. Profile page requests for password on profile edit. It should only do that when a user attempts to change password 

DONE - 2. The call button at the top right isn't navigating to about us page

1. When you click on back at the ATM payment check-out page, it shows successful for a payment that was never made.
3. I don't know why 9mobile plans are showing null under buy data plan
4. Clicking on a data plan name should take them to the data check-out page. It is not necessary that they click either atm price or wallet price. 
5. Purchase data with wallet gives error..'Given data invalid' I do not know what could be causing this. 
6. A user logged in should have to enter his email to pay with ATM. The app should fill that for him automatically. 
7.  ATM payment also gives an unknown error (this could be from the back-end) 
8. Airtime payment also has problem 5,6,7 
9. Payments and subscription status are not reflecting their true status.. All are showing pending.


Abstract input plus validation to single reusable component (check hairx)
Check recoil for state management
Refactor to TypeScript
Refactor Context files
Publish app to expo to make it available
Error handling for device internet connection failure
Pagination on subscription and payment page
Filter Modal flickers after backdrop press or dismissal
Sometimes APIModal does not dismiss after load
Login navigates to profile screen sometimes after signout then login action